//Item key;item id;item meta;label (indicative only)
//This file is auto-generated and indicative only. Don't edit it.

akwardpotion;minecraft:potion;16;Malsaine Potion
alchemistamulet;millenaire:item.ml_dwarves_amulet;0;item.ml_dwarves_amulet.name
alchimistexplosive;millenaire:tile.ml_stone_deco;3;tile.ml_stone_deco.3.name
anyenchanted;null;0;
arrow;minecraft:arrow;0;Flèche
beefcooked;minecraft:cooked_beef;0;Steak
beefraw;minecraft:beef;0;Boeuf cru
bone;minecraft:bone;0;Os
book;minecraft:book;0;Livre
bookandquill;minecraft:writable_book;0;Livre et plume
bookshelves;minecraft:bookshelf;0;Bibliothèque
bottle;minecraft:glass_bottle;0;Fiole
boudin;millenaire:item.ml_boudin;0;item.ml_boudin.name
bow;minecraft:bow;0;Arc
bowlempty;minecraft:bowl;0;Bol
bowlsoup;minecraft:mushroom_stew;0;Soupe de champignons
bread;minecraft:bread;0;Pain
brickmould;millenaire:item.ml_brickmould;0;item.ml_brickmould.name
bricks;minecraft:brick_block;0;Briques
bucketempty;minecraft:bucket;0;Seau
bucketlava;minecraft:lava_bucket;0;Seau de lave
bucketmilk;minecraft:milk_bucket;0;Seau de lait
bucketwater;minecraft:water_bucket;0;Seau d'eau
byzantineboots;millenaire:item.ml_byzantineBoots;0;item.ml_byzantineBoots.name
byzantinehelmet;millenaire:item.ml_byzantineHelmet;0;item.ml_byzantineHelmet.name
byzantineiconlarge;millenaire:item.ml_byzantineiconlarge;0;item.ml_byzantineiconlarge.name
byzantineiconmedium;millenaire:item.ml_byzantineiconmedium;0;item.ml_byzantineiconmedium.name
byzantineiconsmall;millenaire:item.ml_byzantineicon;0;item.ml_byzantineicon.name
byzantinelegs;millenaire:item.ml_byzantineLegs;0;item.ml_byzantineLegs.name
byzantinemace;millenaire:item.ml_byzantineMace;0;item.ml_byzantineMace.name
byzantineplate;millenaire:item.ml_byzantinePlate;0;item.ml_byzantinePlate.name
byzantinestonetiles;millenaire:tile.byzantine_mixedbrick;0;tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.name
byzantinetiles;millenaire:tile.byzantine_brick;0;tile.byzantine_brick.name
byzantinetileslab;millenaire:tile.byzantine_brick_slab;0;tile.byzantine_brick_slab.name
cacauhaa;millenaire:item.ml_cacauhaa;0;item.ml_cacauhaa.name
cactus;minecraft:cactus;0;Cactus
cake;minecraft:cake;0;Gâteau
calva;millenaire:item.ml_calva;0;item.ml_calva.name
carrot;minecraft:carrot;0;Carotte
chainboots;minecraft:chainmail_boots;0;Bottes de mailles
chainchest;minecraft:chainmail_chestplate;0;Cotte de mailles
chainhelmet;minecraft:chainmail_helmet;0;Casque de mailles
chainlegs;minecraft:chainmail_leggings;0;Jambières de mailles
chickencurry;millenaire:item.ml_chickencurry;0;item.ml_chickencurry.name
chickenmeat;minecraft:chicken;0;Poulet cru
chickenmeatcooked;minecraft:cooked_chicken;0;Poulet rôti
cider;millenaire:item.ml_cider;0;item.ml_cider.name
ciderapple;millenaire:item.ml_ciderapple;0;item.ml_ciderapple.name
clay;minecraft:clay_ball;0;Argile
clock;minecraft:clock;0;Montre
clothes_byz_silk;millenaire:item.ml_clothes;1;item.clothes_byz_silk.name
clothes_byz_wool;millenaire:item.ml_clothes;0;item.clothes_byz_wool.name
coal;minecraft:coal;0;Charbon
cobblestone;minecraft:cobblestone;0;Pierres
compass;minecraft:compass;0;Boussole
cookedbrick;millenaire:tile.ml_stone_deco;0;tile.ml_stone_deco.0.name
cookie;minecraft:cookie;0;Cookie
denier;millenaire:item.ml_denier;0;item.ml_denier.name
denierargent;millenaire:item.ml_denier_argent;0;item.ml_denier_argent.name
denieror;millenaire:item.ml_denier_or;0;item.ml_denier_or.name
diamond;minecraft:diamond;0;Diamant
diamondaxe;minecraft:diamond_axe;0;Hache en diamant
diamondboots;minecraft:diamond_boots;0;Bottes en diamant
diamondchest;minecraft:diamond_chestplate;0;Plastron en diamant
diamondhelmet;minecraft:diamond_helmet;0;Casque en diamant
diamondhoe;minecraft:diamond_hoe;0;Houe en diamant
diamondlegs;minecraft:diamond_leggings;0;Jambières en diamant
diamondpickaxe;minecraft:diamond_pickaxe;0;Pioche en diamant
diamondshovel;minecraft:diamond_shovel;0;Pelle en diamant
diamondsword;minecraft:diamond_sword;0;Épée en diamant
dirt;minecraft:dirt;0;Terre
dirtwall;millenaire:tile.ml_earth_deco;1;tile.ml_earth_deco.1.name
dye_black;minecraft:dye;0;Poche d'encre
dye_blue;minecraft:dye;4;Lapis-lazuli
dye_brown;minecraft:dye;3;Fèves de cacao
dye_cyan;minecraft:dye;6;Teinture cyan
dye_gray;minecraft:dye;8;Teinture grise
dye_green;minecraft:dye;2;Vert de cactus
dye_lightblue;minecraft:dye;12;Teinture bleu clair
dye_lightgray;minecraft:dye;7;Teinture gris clair
dye_lime;minecraft:dye;10;Teinture vert clair
dye_magenta;minecraft:dye;13;Teinture magenta
dye_orange;minecraft:dye;14;Teinture orange
dye_pink;minecraft:dye;9;Teinture rose
dye_purple;minecraft:dye;5;Teinture violette
dye_red;minecraft:dye;1;Rouge de rose
dye_white;minecraft:dye;15;Poudre d'os
dye_yellow;minecraft:dye;11;Jaune pissenlit
egg;minecraft:egg;0;Oeuf
enchantedsword;null;0;
enderpearl;minecraft:ender_pearl;0;Perle du Néant
feather;minecraft:feather;0;Plume
feta;millenaire:item.ml_feta;0;item.ml_feta.name
fishcooked;minecraft:cooked_fished;0;Poisson cuit
fishraw;minecraft:fish;0;Poisson cru
flint;minecraft:flint;0;Silex
flintandsteel;minecraft:flint_and_steel;0;Briquet
ghasttear;minecraft:ghast_tear;0;Larme de Ghast
glass;minecraft:glass;0;Verre
gold;minecraft:gold_ingot;0;Lingot d'or
goldaxe;minecraft:golden_axe;0;Hache en or
goldboots;minecraft:golden_boots;0;Bottes en or
goldchest;minecraft:golden_chestplate;0;Plastron en or
goldhelmet;minecraft:golden_helmet;0;Casque en or
goldhoe;minecraft:golden_hoe;0;Houe en or
goldlegs;minecraft:golden_leggings;0;Jambières en or
goldore;minecraft:gold_ore;0;Minerai d'or
goldpickaxe;minecraft:golden_pickaxe;0;Pioche en or
goldshovel;minecraft:golden_shovel;0;Pelle en or
goldsword;minecraft:golden_sword;0;Épée en or
grapes;millenaire:item.ml_vine;0;item.ml_vine.name
gravel;minecraft:gravel;0;Gravier
gunpowder;minecraft:gunpowder;0;Poudre à canon
ikayaki;millenaire:item.ml_ikayaki;0;item.ml_ikayaki.name
indianstatue;millenaire:item.ml_indianstatue;0;item.ml_indianstatue.name
iron;minecraft:iron_ingot;0;Lingot de fer
ironore;minecraft:iron_ore;0;Minerai de fer
japaneseguardboots;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseGuardBoots;0;item.ml_japaneseGuardBoots.name
japaneseguardhelmet;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseGuardHelmet;0;item.ml_japaneseGuardHelmet.name
japaneseguardlegs;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseGuardLegs;0;item.ml_japaneseGuardLegs.name
japaneseguardplate;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseGuardPlate;0;item.ml_japaneseGuardPlate.name
japanesewarriorblueboots;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueBoots;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueBoots.name
japanesewarriorbluehelmet;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueHelmet;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueHelmet.name
japanesewarriorbluelegs;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueLegs;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueLegs.name
japanesewarriorblueplate;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorBluePlate;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorBluePlate.name
japanesewarriorredboots;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedBoots;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedBoots.name
japanesewarriorredhelmet;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedHelmet;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedHelmet.name
japanesewarriorredlegs;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedLegs;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedLegs.name
japanesewarriorredplate;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedPlate;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedPlate.name
lambcooked;millenaire:item.ml_lamb_cooked;0;item.ml_lamb_cooked.name
lambraw;millenaire:item.ml_lamb_raw;0;item.ml_lamb_raw.name
leather;minecraft:leather;0;Cuir
leatherboots;minecraft:leather_boots;0;Bottes en cuir
leatherchest;minecraft:leather_chestplate;0;Tunique en cuir
leatherhelmet;minecraft:leather_helmet;0;Chapeau en cuir
leatherlegs;minecraft:leather_leggings;0;Pantalon en cuir
maize;millenaire:item.ml_maize;0;item.ml_maize.name
masa;millenaire:item.ml_masa;0;item.ml_masa.name
mayanaxe;millenaire:item.ml_mayanAxe;0;item.ml_mayanAxe.name
mayangold;millenaire:tile.ml_stone_deco;2;tile.ml_stone_deco.2.name
mayanhoe;millenaire:item.ml_mayanHoe;0;item.ml_mayanHoe.name
mayanmace;millenaire:item.ml_mayanMace;0;item.ml_mayanMace.name
mayanpickaxe;millenaire:item.ml_mayanPickaxe;0;item.ml_mayanPickaxe.name
mayanquestcrown;millenaire:item.ml_mayanQuestCrown;0;item.ml_mayanQuestCrown.name
mayanshovel;millenaire:item.ml_mayanShovel;0;item.ml_mayanShovel.name
mayanstatue;millenaire:item.ml_mayanstatue;0;item.ml_mayanstatue.name
melonseeds;minecraft:melon_seeds;0;Graines de pastèque
melonslice;minecraft:melon;0;Pastèque
mudbrick;millenaire:tile.ml_stone_deco;1;tile.ml_stone_deco.1.name
mushroombrown;minecraft:brown_mushroom;0;Champignon
mushroomred;minecraft:red_mushroom;0;Champignon
netherwart;minecraft:nether_wart;0;Verrue du Nether
normanaxe;millenaire:item.ml_normanAxe;0;item.ml_normanAxe.name
normanboots;millenaire:item.ml_normanBoots;0;item.ml_normanBoots.name
normanbroadsword;millenaire:item.ml_normanBroadsword;0;item.ml_normanBroadsword.name
normanchest;millenaire:item.ml_normanPlate;0;item.ml_normanPlate.name
normanhelmet;millenaire:item.ml_normanHelmet;0;item.ml_normanHelmet.name
normanhoe;millenaire:item.ml_normanHoe;0;item.ml_normanHoe.name
normanlegs;millenaire:item.ml_normanLegs;0;item.ml_normanLegs.name
normanpickaxe;millenaire:item.ml_normanPickaxe;0;item.ml_normanPickaxe.name
normanshovel;millenaire:item.ml_normanShovel;0;item.ml_normanShovel.name
obsidian;minecraft:obsidian;0;Obsidienne
obsidianflake;millenaire:item.ml_obsidianFlake;0;item.ml_obsidianFlake.name
painting;minecraft:painting;0;Tableau
paper;minecraft:paper;0;Papier
paperwall;millenaire:tile.ml_panes;0;tile.ml_panes.name
parchmentbuildings;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentBuildings;0;item.ml_parchmentBuildings.name
parchmentcomplete;millenaire:item.ml_marchmentComplete;0;item.ml_marchmentComplete.name
parchmentindianbuildings;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentIndianBuildings;0;item.ml_parchmentIndianBuildings.name
parchmentindiancomplete;millenaire:item.ml_marchmentIndianComplete;0;item.ml_marchmentIndianComplete.name
parchmentindianitems;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentIndianItems;0;item.ml_parchmentIndianItems.name
parchmentindianvillagers;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentIndianVillagers;0;item.ml_parchmentIndianVillagers.name
parchmentitems;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentItems;0;item.ml_parchmentItems.name
parchmentjapanesebuildings;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentJapaneseBuildings;0;item.ml_parchmentJapaneseBuildings.name
parchmentjapanesecomplete;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentJapaneseComplete;0;item.ml_parchmentJapaneseComplete.name
parchmentjapaneseitems;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentJapaneseItems;0;item.ml_parchmentJapaneseItems.name
parchmentjapanesevillagers;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentJapaneseVillagers;0;item.ml_parchmentJapaneseVillagers.name
parchmentmayanbuildings;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentMayanBuildings;0;item.ml_parchmentMayanBuildings.name
parchmentmayancomplete;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentMayanComplete;0;item.ml_parchmentMayanComplete.name
parchmentmayanitems;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentMayanItems;0;item.ml_parchmentMayanItems.name
parchmentmayanvillagers;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentMayanVillagers;0;item.ml_parchmentMayanVillagers.name
parchmentsadhu;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentSadhu;0;item.ml_parchmentSadhu.name
parchmentvillagers;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentVillagers;0;item.ml_parchmentVillagers.name
pathdirt;millenaire:tile.ml_path;0;tile.ml_path.0.name
pathdirt_slab;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;0;tile.ml_path_slab.0.name
pathdirt_slab_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;8;tile.ml_path_slab.8.name
pathdirt_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path;8;tile.ml_path.8.name
pathgravel;millenaire:tile.ml_path;1;tile.ml_path.1.name
pathgravel_slab;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;1;tile.ml_path_slab.1.name
pathgravel_slab_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;9;tile.ml_path_slab.9.name
pathgravel_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path;9;tile.ml_path.9.name
pathgravelslabs;millenaire:tile.ml_path;5;tile.ml_path.5.name
pathgravelslabs_slab;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;5;tile.ml_path_slab.5.name
pathgravelslabs_slab_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;13;tile.ml_path_slab.13.name
pathgravelslabs_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path;13;tile.ml_path.13.name
pathochretiles;millenaire:tile.ml_path;4;tile.ml_path.4.name
pathochretiles_slab;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;4;tile.ml_path_slab.4.name
pathochretiles_slab_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;12;tile.ml_path_slab.12.name
pathochretiles_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path;12;tile.ml_path.12.name
pathsandstone;millenaire:tile.ml_path;3;tile.ml_path.3.name
pathsandstone_slab;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;3;tile.ml_path_slab.3.name
pathsandstone_slab_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;11;tile.ml_path_slab.11.name
pathsandstone_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path;11;tile.ml_path.11.name
pathslabs;millenaire:tile.ml_path;2;tile.ml_path.2.name
pathslabs_slab;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;2;tile.ml_path_slab.2.name
pathslabs_slab_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;10;tile.ml_path_slab.10.name
pathslabs_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path;10;tile.ml_path.10.name
planks_birch;minecraft:planks;2;Planches de bouleau
planks_jungle;minecraft:planks;3;Planches d'acajou
planks_oak;minecraft:planks;0;Planches de chêne
planks_pine;minecraft:planks;1;Planches de sapin
porkchops;minecraft:porkchop;0;Côtelette de porc crue
porkchopscooked;minecraft:cooked_porkchop;0;Côtelette de porc cuite
potato;minecraft:potato;0;Pomme de terre
pumpkin;minecraft:pumpkin;0;Citrouille
pumpkinseeds;minecraft:pumpkin_seeds;0;Graines de citrouille
purse;millenaire:item.ml_purse;0;item.ml_purse.name
rasgulla;millenaire:item.ml_rasgullaId;0;item.ml_rasgullaId.name
redflower;minecraft:red_flower;0;Coquelicot
redstone;minecraft:redstone;0;Redstone
rice;millenaire:item.ml_rice;0;item.ml_rice.name
rottenflesh;minecraft:rotten_flesh;0;Chair putréfiée
saddle;minecraft:saddle;0;Selle
sake;millenaire:item.ml_sake;0;item.ml_sake.name
sand;minecraft:sand;0;Sable
sandstone;minecraft:sandstone;0;Grès
sapling;minecraft:sapling;0;Pousse de chêne
sapling_birch;minecraft:sapling;2;Pousse de bouleau
sapling_jungle;minecraft:sapling;3;Pousse d'acajou
sapling_pine;minecraft:sapling;1;Pousse de sapin
seeds;minecraft:wheat_seeds;0;Graines de blé
shears;minecraft:shears;0;Cisailles
silk;millenaire:item.ml_silk;0;item.ml_silk.name
silkwormblockempty;millenaire:tile.ml_wood_deco;3;tile.ml_wood_deco.3.name
silkwormblockfull;millenaire:tile.ml_wood_deco;4;tile.ml_wood_deco.4.name
skollhatiamulet;millenaire:item.ml_skoll_hati_amulet;0;item.ml_skoll_hati_amulet.name
slimeball;minecraft:slime_ball;0;Boule de Slime
snow;minecraft:snow;0;Neige
souvlaki;millenaire:item.ml_souvlaki;0;item.ml_souvlaki.name
spidereye;minecraft:spider_eye;0;Oeil d'araignée
steelaxe;minecraft:iron_axe;0;Hache en fer
steelboots;minecraft:iron_boots;0;Bottes en fer
steelchest;minecraft:iron_chestplate;0;Plastron en fer
steelhelmet;minecraft:iron_helmet;0;Casque en fer
steelhoe;minecraft:iron_hoe;0;Houe en fer
steellegs;minecraft:iron_leggings;0;Jambières en fer
steelpickaxe;minecraft:iron_pickaxe;0;Pioche en fer
steelshovel;minecraft:iron_shovel;0;Pelle en fer
steelsword;minecraft:iron_sword;0;Épée en fer
stone;minecraft:stone;0;Roche
stoneaxe;minecraft:stone_axe;0;Hache en pierre
stonebrick;minecraft:stonebrick;0;Pierre taillée
stonehoe;minecraft:stone_hoe;0;Houe en pierre
stonepickaxe;minecraft:stone_pickaxe;0;Pioche en pierre
stoneshovel;minecraft:stone_shovel;0;Pelle en pierre
stonesword;minecraft:stone_sword;0;Épée en pierre
string;millenaire:item.ml_silk;0;item.ml_silk.name
sugarcane;minecraft:reeds;0;Canne à sucre
tachisword;millenaire:item.ml_taichiSword;0;item.ml_taichiSword.name
tapestry;millenaire:item.ml_tapestry;0;item.ml_tapestry.name
thatched;millenaire:tile.ml_wood_deco;2;tile.ml_wood_deco.2.name
timberframe_cross;millenaire:tile.ml_wood_deco;1;tile.ml_wood_deco.1.name
timberframe_plain;millenaire:tile.ml_wood_deco;0;tile.ml_wood_deco.0.name
tnt;minecraft:tnt;0;TNT
tripes;millenaire:item.ml_tripes;0;item.ml_tripes.name
turmeric;millenaire:item.ml_turmeric;0;item.ml_turmeric.name
udon;millenaire:item.ml_udon;0;item.ml_udon.name
unknownpowder;millenaire:item.ml_unknownPowder;0;item.ml_unknownPowder.name
vegcurry;millenaire:item.ml_vegcurry;0;item.ml_vegcurry.name
villagewand;millenaire:item.ml_villageWand;0;item.ml_villageWand.name
vines;minecraft:vine;0;Lianes
vishnuamulet;millenaire:item.ml_raven_amulet;0;item.ml_raven_amulet.name
wah;millenaire:item.ml_wah;0;item.ml_wah.name
wheat;minecraft:wheat;0;Blé
wine;millenaire:item.ml_wine;0;item.ml_wine.name
winebasic;millenaire:item.ml_wine_basic;0;item.ml_wine_basic.name
wood;minecraft:log;0;
wood_any;minecraft:log;-1;
wood_birch;minecraft:log;2;
wood_jungle;minecraft:log;3;
wood_oak;minecraft:log;0;
wood_pine;minecraft:log;1;
woodaxe;minecraft:wooden_axe;0;Hache en bois
woodhoe;minecraft:wooden_hoe;0;Houe en bois
woodpickaxe;minecraft:wooden_pickaxe;0;Pioche en bois
woodshovel;minecraft:wooden_shovel;0;Pelle en bois
woodsword;minecraft:wooden_sword;0;Épée en bois
wool_black;minecraft:wool;15;Laine noire
wool_blue;minecraft:wool;11;Laine bleue
wool_brown;minecraft:wool;12;Laine marron
wool_cyan;minecraft:wool;9;Laine cyan
wool_gray;minecraft:wool;7;Laine grise
wool_green;minecraft:wool;13;Laine verte
wool_lightblue;minecraft:wool;3;Laine bleu clair
wool_lightgray;minecraft:wool;8;Laine gris clair
wool_limegreen;minecraft:wool;5;Laine vert clair
wool_magenta;minecraft:wool;2;Laine magenta
wool_orange;minecraft:wool;1;Laine orange
wool_pink;minecraft:wool;6;Laine rose
wool_purple;minecraft:wool;10;Laine violette
wool_red;minecraft:wool;14;Laine rouge
wool_white;minecraft:wool;0;Laine blanche
wool_yellow;minecraft:wool;4;Laine jaune
yddrasilamulet;millenaire:item.ml_yddrasil_amulet;0;item.ml_yddrasil_amulet.name
yellowflower;minecraft:yellow_flower;0;Pissenlit
yumibow;millenaire:item.ml_yumiBow;0;item.ml_yumiBow.name
